welcome to the man of recaps this is
Westworld season 3 episode 8 the season
3 finale at the end of last episode
Dolores hit the EMP during her and maims
fight to knock both of them out caleb
was there to rescue Dolores but he
didn't take her body with him he just
took her pearl caleb follows his GPS
back to the distillery that was the
yakuza hangout and in there Dolores had
smuggled in from West world her original
robot body
I remember the modern host bodies are 3d
printed with the milk stuff so they're
basically flesh but the original hosts
were fully robot with the face that
opens up and stuff Bernhard Stubbs and
William Moore on their awesome bro road
trip but Williams got the gun now he's
like no I'm on a mission to destroy all
robots boom blast dubs right in the
heart so Bernards got to pull out his
control thingy and Hulk out beast mode
Bernard slaps William around but just
then the cops come but nartz gonna fight
them too but one of the cops is Lawrence
yeah the host from the park he is
assumedly the final Dolores copy that
she made so good to meet him per usual
he's incredibly vague about his plans
but he does give Bernard a briefcase and
an address to go to William ran off to a
fancy hotel calls a meeting with his
money manager it's like oh we thought
you were dead he's like I ain't dead on
freeze my assets
I'm taking my private jet on a mission
to kill all robots so Dolores and Caleb
are on a mission to take the new plan
they got from the solomon AI and put it
into her o Boehm's rock still out there
trying to stop him so he's got hired
goons all over the city
hunting him now Dolores has hired some
muscle of her own though yeah she's
using the RICO crime app she specified
for them to all call Caleb sir yeah
she's setting him up as the leader of
the human Revolution but it's also
mostly in homage to Fight Club but it's
not only Ciroc after them Dolores is
stopped by the Charlotte Hale version of
her she's like hey self um I'm pretty
mad that you left me to die and let my
fake family get blown up in a car crash
I've got my own plan now and step one is
vengeance on you she is just a hologram
but the guy she's hired are very real
big shootout time forces like Caleb you
gotta get to Robo I'm all hold these
guys off Flores makes it out but is
cornered by now sir Oxman including a
katana wielding made so Dolores goes
into Terminator mode ho takes these guys
all out then it's time for me verse
Dolores round to Dan made goes to chop
off Dolores his arm again
but oh she blocks it she's like yeah I
got that steel robot
now in the end Dolores wins but as she's
walking away oh she gets like stunned
hologram Charlotte hail Dolores has shut
her down I guess when she imported the
body she like made it so she could shut
it down makes enough sense I guess
either way Dolores is captured so
Caleb's making his way to inside
headquarters there's a big old riot
going on because Dolores leaked to
everyone you know that they were being
controlled by the inaudible riots
focused on the inside headquarters so
Caleb can't get through but who shows up
to help it's his crime buddy Marshawn
Lynch his other buddies there too sorry
I never learned these characters names
but either way she's like hey if you
want to get to insight you got a hijack
a police helicopter car to help Caleb
breakthrough and Omar Shawn takes a
bullet for him unfortunately we don't
get to see what his shirt says now I
imagine it's ouch now Ciroc finally
captured Dolores besides just stopping
her from destroying the world he created
he wants the description key she has to
all of the human mind data she took from
Westworld
he wants to upload it all into her hobo
home so it has an even better
understanding of human behavior he's
plugged her directly into our bomb and
it's going through all of her memories
looking for the decryption key deleting
as he goes Caleb made it into inside
gets our hobo his control panel which is
weirdly in the lobby of the building
didn't matter though because now Maeve
is here she's like give it up darling
I've got a katana they bring him down to
where Dolores is and Ciroc has a talk
like hey you think she's helping you
free yourself she's just using you to
yeah in a show that's all about free
will it's hard to know if you ever have
free will because like maybe the free
will you think you're doing is actually
just someone else manipulating you in
fact es Caleb opened up the new plan
Dolores gave him that he was about to
upload and it does foretell the
destruction of human civilization
meanwhile Maeve's talking us rock and
she's still linked into all technology
so she hears a voice she uncovers
surak's big secrets it's not him
controlling Rehoboam Rehoboam
controlling him yeah he's got a little
bluetooth earpiece and our hope was just
telling him exactly what to say and do
all the time anyway they can't find the
decryption key inside Dolores his head
so maid goes inside and she realizes
Dolores doesn't have it so she rocks
like fine forget it just delete Dolores
completely and Dolores his mind is
completely unrecoverable II wiped but
before when they've looked in her mind
they had a big convo in virtual
headspace Loris finally fully explains
her motivations to her I'm not out to
just kill all humans she's like yeah
humans can be super awful and we've seen
a lot of it in West's world but there's
also goodness within them and it's a
door big line from season one there is
ugliness
she's like I think everyone deserves a
chance to be free and make their own
choices including you Maeve what you
gonna do so may have made her choice to
turn on sir rock he's got the little
clicky button that freezes her but she's
got the super psychic powers the boom
breaks it lights go out and she could
toss all these guys names like hey Caleb
let's be new best friends I understand
now why Delores chose you
Caleb's like yeah she chose me cuz I'm
prone to violence right but mames like
no she chose you because of your
capacity for choice turns out it's not
random chance Caleb met Delores in that
alleyway they'd met before when he was
at the West World parks yeah the
military had a section they were using
for live training against realistic
coasts after they saved the village this
one guy was like yeah time to have sex
with all the robots but Caleb was like
hey man were better than that so Delores
knew Caleb from back then that he was
like a good person surak's bleeding out
he's like Roble and call me an ambulance
but it doesn't respond to him yeah by
plugging Dolores directly into it she
was able to override it I guess and give
the power to Caleb Caleb's like yo
Rehoboam deletes yourself we're having
our own free will from now on so Dolores
has sacrificed herself to liberate the
world is she really erased for good or
will she be back I mean I'm gonna miss
Evan Rachel Wood if she isn't it was
like hey Caleb we're both about freewill
I think we should be best friends
currently though the world is descending
into chaos so they're gonna have to
figure that out and they watch as
society collapses in another awesome
omage The Fight Club roll the credits
but that's not where the episode ends
there are after the credits scenes and
also let me cut back to Barnard real
quick Bernarda has been conspicuously
absent from the grand finale the address
dolores gave him wasn't to incite or
anything it was to Arnold's ex-wife's
house yeah remember Bernards core memory
back story is about his dying son and
it's based on the real life Arnold's
family luckily his ex-wife has just
enough dementia to remember this is
Arnold but not think it's weird that
he's here and still young
anyway they commiserate about their dead
son and gives Bernard closure or
something then Bernard goes to a motel
puts tubs in the bathtub with a bunch of
ice and little bottles of booze it's I
came in I know you're shot just chill
out for now I can't repair you I am busy
but aren't realize that the access key
to the sublime the virtual world when
Dolores sent the other hosts Dolores
didn't have it she put it in burn
had the briefcase Lawrence Flores gave
him is a little virtual headset to
connect to it for usual in the show
Bernard is very vague about what exactly
he's doing but he's got to go in there
to find something super important so
Bernards off to the virtual world while
Stubbs is just chilling in the tub now
after the credits William has flown to
Dubai Ellis has another headquarters
here and William wants to make sure the
hosts start making more copies of
themselves sure enough in the basement
he finds new hosts being built and
building them is Charlotte Hale she's
mostly fixed to burn skin except for the
one arm which she leaves just cuz it
looks cool Williams like yo so you're
Dolores right and Charlotte's like no I
mean I started as Dolores but like I'm
diverged now I have no interest in the
redeeming qualities of humanity I want
to extinct him and William you're gonna
help me cuz she's made a man in black
robot host she didn't copy herself she
gave him Williams personality he's like
yeah you thought I was just your dark
side but no I'm the real you so robot
man and black kills the real William and
I guess next season he's working with
Charlotte Hale Dolores to destroy all
humans and there's another after the
credits scene it's Bernard still in the
motel but he's completely covered in
dust now how long has he been here and
more importantly is Stubbs still in the
table we'll find out in season four but
for now that's how Westworld season
three comes to an end hit that subscribe
button for more of the best recaps of TV
and movies and click the join button to
support the channel and be a recap
champion